Update usage.md (#131)
nf-core/taxprofiler: docs/usage.md

```bash
NXF_OPTS='-Xms1g -Xmx4g'
```

## Troubleshooting and FAQs

> ### I get a warning during centrifuge_kreport process when running taxprofiler on a minimal dataset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### I get a warning during centrifuge_kreport process with exit status 255.
```

> When a sample has no hits, `centrifuge` classifier exits with exit code `255`. The pipeline does not fail and this is provided as a `WARN`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a sample has insufficient hits for abundance estimation, the resulting `report.txt` file will be empty.

When trying to convert this to a kraken-style report, the conversion tool will  exit with a status code `255`, and provide a `WARN`.

This is **not** an error nor a failure of the pipeline, just your sample has no hits to the provided database when using centrifuge.
```
